"No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach."
"When you are wronged repeatedly, the worst thing you can do is continue taking it - fight back!"
"A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate."
"A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future."
"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is."
"I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created."
"The budget was unlimited, but I exceeded it."
"Always give more than what’s expected."
"The more government takes in taxes, the less incentive people have to work."
"I’m worth far too much money. I don’t need anybody’s money."
"So many people are on television that don’t know me, and they’re like experts on me."
"Our country is being run by incompetent people."
"When somebody says something about me I hate them for the rest of my life. It’s probably wrong."
"I have a great relationship with the blacks."
"Don’t tell me it doesn’t work. Torture works. Okay, folks?"
"I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it's literally going to cease to exist."
"What I won't do is take in two hundred thousand Syrians who could be ISIS... I have been watching this migration. And I see the people. I mean, they're men. They're mostly men, and they're strong men. These are physically young, strong men. They look like prime-time soldiers. Now it's probably not true, but where are the women?... So, you ask two things. Number one, why aren't they fighting for their country? And number two, I don't want these people coming over here."
"I think I could have stopped it because I have very tough illegal immigration policies, and people aren't coming into this country unless they're vetted and vetted properly."
"[Overseas] we build a school, we build a road, they blow up the school, we build another school, we build another road, they blow them up, we build again. In the meantime we can't get a fucking school in Brooklyn."
"I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women."
"It's like in golf... A lot of people - I don't want this to sound trivial - but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive...it's weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can't sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist. I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist."
"I have a great relationship with African Americans, as you possibly have heard."
"I just have great respect for them. And they like me. I like them."
"The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA-infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great - but must suffer the consequences!"
"No matter what you do - guns, no guns - it doesn't matter. You have people that are mentally ill. And they're gonna come through the cracks. And they're going to do things that people will not even believe are possible."
"Our country is in serious trouble. We don't have victories any more. We used to have victories but [now] we don't have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China, in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time."
"They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people."
"When you see the other side chopping off heads, waterboarding doesn't sound very severe."
"The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."
"Well, if I ever ran for office, I'd do better as a Democrat than as a Republican - and that's not because I'd be more liberal, because I'm conservative. But the working guy would elect me. He likes me. When I walk down the street, those cabbies start yelling out their windows."
"I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I've been challenged by so many people and I don't, frankly, have time for total political correctness."
"The line of 'Make America great again,' the phrase, that was mine, I came up with it about a year ago, and I kept using it, and everybody's using it, they are all loving it. I don't know, I guess I should copyright it, maybe I have copyrighted it."
"If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?"
"If you look at Saddam Hussein, he killed terrorists. I'm not saying he was an angel, but this guy killed terrorists."
"Jeb said, 'we were safe with my brother. We were safe.' Well, the World Trade Center just fell down! Now, am I trying to blame him? I'm not blaming anybody. But the World Trade Center came down. So when he said, we were safe, that's not safe."
"I never attacked him on his looks, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there."
"I'm the most successful person ever to run for the presidency, by far. Nobody's ever been more successful than me. I'm the most successful person ever to run.
"Ross Perot isn't successful like me. Romney - I have a Gucci store that's worth more than Romney."
"[John McCain is]... not a war hero. He's a war hero - he's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I Like people that weren't captured, OK, I hate to tell you."
".@arianahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man - he made a good decision."
"While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct."
"Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on."
"Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!"
"I look very much forward to showing my financials, because they are huge."
"The concept of shaking hands is absolutely terrible, and statistically I've been proven right."
"Sorry losers and haters, but my IQ is one of the highest - and you all know it!"
"Please don't feel so stupid or insecure, it's not your fault."
"I think Viagra is wonderful if you need it, if you have medical issues, if you've had surgery. I've just never needed it. Frankly, I wouldn't mind if there were an anti-Viagra, something with the opposite effect. I'm not bragging. I'm just lucky. I don't need it."
"All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected."
"She does have a very nice figure... If [Ivanka] weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her."
"I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke."
"Show me someone with no ego and I'll show you a big loser."
"As a kid, I was making a building with blocks in our playroom. I didn't have enough. So I asked my younger brother Robert if I could borrow some of his. He said, 'Okay, but you have to give them back when you're done.' I used all of my blocks, then all of his blocks, and when I was done I had a great building, which I then glued together. Robert never did get those blocks back."
"I'm intelligent. Some people would say I'm very, very, very intelligent."
"I say, not in a braggadocios way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all around the world."
“I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down”
"The only card she has is the woman's card. She's got nothing else to offer and frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she'd get 5 percent of the vote. The only thing she's got going is the woman's card, and the beautiful thing is, women don't like her."
"You could see there was bloody coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever."
“Why are we having all these people from shithole countries coming here?”
“I loved my previous life. I had so many things going. This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.”
“You’re disgusting.”
“In life you have to rely on the past, and that’s called history.”
“Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me ‘old,’ when I would NEVER call him ‘short and fat?’ Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!”
“Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!”
“Russia will have much greater respect for our country when I am leading it than when other people have led it…If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia.”
“I would bet if you took a poll in the FBI I would win that poll by more than anybody’s won a poll.”
“Nobody has better respect for intelligence than Donald Trump.”
“We’re … increasing our budget by many billions of dollars, because of North Korea and other reasons, having to do with the anti-missile.”
“If you look at President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn’t make calls. A lot of them didn’t make calls. I like to call when it’s appropriate.”
“North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!”
“At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!”
“So they’re investigating something that never happened.”
“Despite the constant negative press covfefe”
“We have it totally under control. It’s one person coming in from China. It’s going to be just fine.”
"We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!"
“You go to the hospital. You have a broken arm. You come out, you are a drug addict with this crap.”
“No, she was, she didn’t work for me. She was a lawyer that was representing General Flynn and some others, and she never officially, now she was on our side from the standpoint, I guess, you know, from the standpoint of what she was doing, but she didn’t work for me as per se.”
“You know, when I was running, 2016, Christmas was like you couldn’t say the word. I said the word. And I said we’re going to bring back Christmas, and we’re going to be saying Christmas.”
“I look at what’s happening, and you know, this whole female athlete thing is a very big deal, too. I see that a record, a swimming record was broken by 18 seconds, another one was broken by 38 seconds, OK?”
“So it’s a book of pictures, largely, with statements, but a book of pictures.”
“Even though we were surrounded by maniacs that were looking to do damage, but we had a great presidency in terms of what we, we rebuilt the military.”
“He was a man who there was a certain amount of information given to Vice President Pence, who’s with us today, and I was not happy with the way that information was given. He didn’t have to do that because what he did wasn’t wrong. What he did in terms of the information he saw. What was wrong was the way that other people, including yourselves, in this room, were given that information. Because that was classified information that was given illegally. That’s the real problem.”
”Now here’s the good news. We’ve created associations, millions of people are joining associations. Millions. That were formerly in Obamacare or didn’t have insurance. Or didn’t have health care. Millions of people. That’s gonna be a big bill, you watch. It could be as high as 50 percent of the people. You watch. So that’s a big thing. And the individual mandate. So now you have associations, and people don’t even talk about the associations. That could be half the people are going to be joining up. … With private [inaudible]. So now you have associations and the individual mandate.”
“I have made Juneteenth famous. Before that nobody knows what Juneteenth is. Nobody had heard of it.”
"In June of 1775, the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington, commander-in-chief... Our army manned the air. It rammed the ramparts. It took over the airports. It did everything it had to do. And at Fort McHenry, under the rockets’ red glare, it had nothing but victory. And when dawn came, their star-spangled banner waved defiant."
"This is a tough hurricane, one of the wettest we’ve ever seen, from the standpoint of water."
“There was a story two days ago, in a major newspaper, talking about people living in Canada, coming into the United States, and smuggling things back into Canada because the tariffs are so massive. The tariffs to get common items back into Canada are so high that they have to smuggle them in. They buy shoes, then they wear them. They scuff them up. They make them sound old or look old.”
“Look, having nuclear — my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart — you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world — it’s true! — but when you’re a conservative Republican they try — oh, do they do a number — that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune — you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged — but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me — it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are — nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right, who would have thought? — but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners — now it used to be three, now it’s four — but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years — but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.”
"I had some beautiful pictures taken in which I had a big smile on my face. I looked happy, I looked content, I looked like a very nice person, which in theory I am."
"Who wouldn’t take Kate’s picture and make lots of money if she does the nude sunbathing thing. Come on, Kate!"
"My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars."
"By the way, I have great respect for China. I have many Chinese friends. They live in my buildings all over the place."
"I do know what to do and I would know how to bring Isil to the table or, beyond that, defeat Isil very quickly. And I'm not gonna tell you what it is."
"And did you notice that baby was crying through half of the speech and I didn't get angry? Not once. Did you notice that? That baby was driving me crazy. I didn't get angry once because I didn't want to insult the parents for not taking the kid out of the room!"
"Something very important, and indeed society-changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!"
"The worst thing a man can do is go bald. Never let yourself go bald."
“I’m like a smart person. I don’t have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years.”
“The wall just got 10 feet higher.”
 “And I’m also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me.”
“These are stupid people. These are very, very stupid people.”
“I was going to say something extremely rough to President Obama, but I refrained.”
“I watched Hillary Clinton tonight. … And she lied again like she’s been lying for the last 15 years. She’s a liar.”
"I tested positively toward negative, right? So no. I tested perfectly this morning, meaning I tested negative. But that's a way of saying it. Positively toward the negative."
"Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don’t know what to do. Love!"
"I had a meeting at the Pentagon with lots of generals ... they were like from a movie, better looking than Tom Cruise and stronger. And I had more generals than I've ever seen."
"Nobody's ever been treated badly like me... Although they do say Abraham Lincoln was treated really badly."
"For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many cases, compared to other countries that haven't done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better."
"Obama's wind turbines kill "13-39 million birds and bats every year!"
"Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way."
"NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!"
“All I know about magnets is this, give me a glass of water, let me drop it on the magnets, that’s the end of the magnets.”
“Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!”
“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.”
“Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office ‘begging’ for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!”
“In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!”
“I left Texas, and I left Florida, and I left Louisiana, and I went to Puerto Rico, and I met with the president of the Virgin Islands. We are one nation and we all hurt together, we hope together and we heal together. The Virgin Islands and the president of the Virgin Islands, these are people that are incredible people.”
“We have to have a wall. We have to have a border. And in that wall we’re going to have a big fat door where people can come into the country, but they have to come in legally.”
"We have our own Vietnam. It’s called the dating game.”
“They are real killers.. I have seen women manipulate men with just a twitch of their eye — or perhaps another body part.”
"Under the green new deal, they don’t like clean, beautiful natural gas. The green new deal don’t know what they like."
"You wanna see a bird cemetery? Go under a windmill sometime. It’s the saddest – you’ve got every type of bird."
"It used to not be climate change. It used to be global warming. That wasn't working too well, 'cause it was getting too cold all over the place."
"The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they’re setting records, OK? They’re at a record level."
"It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!"
